I WANT TO THINK YOU FOR PREPARING SUCH A GOOD PROGRAM FOR US AND ESPECIALLY FOR TAKING US ON THE RIVER TRIP TO GREENWICH.
IN MY OPINION FAIRFAX PEOPLE ARE BEING OBLIGED TO PAY A PRICE FOR BEING FAIRFAX THAT, IN SOME CAST, COSTS MORE THAN THEY DESERVE TO PAY.
Also, I want to say that the plays and films were excellent, but there weren't enough of them for me.
In our Academy we are not allowed to smoke.
I was truly disappointed by it.
Secondly, I had to wait forty - five minutes before the show finally began.
I'd like you to send the money to this address: ul Taklowa 10
It is a dream becomes true and was really unexpected for me!
If not, what do you suggest?
The festival was evident in many ways, and in particular it being an international festival was a challenging, but brilliant idea.
MY NAME is JAMES CAMIREZ AND I AM WRITING THIS LETTER TO YOU BECAUSE I HAVE SOME COMPLEINTS REGARDING THE DISAPPOINTING EVENING I HAD LAST NIGHT.
SECOND I GOT TO THE THEATRE AT 19.20 BECAUSE IN THE ADVERTISEMENT IT CLEARLY STATES THAT THE SHOW STARTS AT 19.30, AND I GOT REALLY MAD WHEN I LOOKED AT MY WATCH AND NOTICED THAT I HAD BEEN WAITING FOR 40 (FORTY) MINUTES AND THE SHOW HIGH'T STARTED YET... I MEAN IT WAS AMAIZING!
I COULDN'T BELIVE IT. HOW CAN THIS CLASS OF THEATRE BE SO..
OH I'M GETING MAD AGAIN SO I AM GOING TO TELL YOU ONE LAST THING, IT WAS THE MOST HORRIBLE NIGHT I HAD EVER HAD SO I DEMEND MY MONEY BACK!
MODERN TECHNOLOGY HAS AFFECTED ME IN SEVERAL WAYS. I MEAN THE MORE THE TECHNOLOGY ADVANCES; THE MORE CONFORTNESSCOMFORTABLE WE GET.
BUT I THINK ALSO THAT WITH MODERN TECHNOLOGY WE GET MORE COMFORTABLE SO THAT MAKES ME A PACIVE PERSON AND NOT SO ACTIVE.
THIS CAN BE BAD TOO BECAUSE IF I GET USED TO BEING CONFORTABLE, WHEN I NEED TO DO HARD WORK I WON'T BE ABLE TO.
Everybody attending go to the show, funny, and happy in the end, and what have we got then?
Disapponted!
If you could not manage the programme, why didn't you inform people before the programme started?
I thought you understood '; please send money back to me, you know why, don't answer me?
Now we know, our world has developed two new world, because we have high technology to do.
Today, technology is a part of life.
It started from got up in the morning, we have the machine help us to cook, iron, clean, washing, and then we went out to work, there are car, ski trains to travel for help by convenience and quickly.
We appreciated the modern technology changed my daily life for help every easy and quickly, we have time to do many things.
It is a good start to go on a sightseeing bus on Monday morning, because we can see all the famous buildings in a few hours.
On Wednesday after we have visited the National Art Gallery, we can have a chat about our next holiday during the free time in the afternoon.
Nowadays the main attraction in the newspapers and on television is the private lives of famous people.
On the whole, being rich and famous doesn't always bring happiness, whereas the majority of the population wish they were rich and famous.
Last week we had another demonstration of this.
Firstly, it will introduce the latest fashions connecting Millennium.
Whenever I recollet it, I feel self - confident.
Firstly, I would like to say that I'm very glad to have been chosen and I will do my best for this competition.
As you mentioned about the accomodation, I would prefer to stay in a tent, because it's more exciting and I really love camping.
However, I would choose sailing because I am fascinating with the sea and its mysteries and I also like the water, the wind in my face...
The other one I would choose is basketball because I'm tall and very fast with the ball.
It was unbelievably!!!
Are you studying a lot?
I have just received your letter which made me so happy. I can not believe that I won first prize in your competition, because I have always believed I am an unlucky man and now I think some things are changing in my life.
I would definitely choose basketball and swimming which are my dream sports.
I would like to ask a few things, especially about the weather: what is the weather like in July in the U. S. A? What kind of clothes will I need and how much money should I take with me? Because I have never been to the U. S. A. before I don't know anything about it.
I have never enjoyed doing shopping, but today there are some people who are called shopcholic.
They are just like alcoholics and these people go shopping every day because they can not stop themselves unless they have not got money to spend.
Because nowadays wherever you go there is a big queue and I hate waiting.
The queues are not the only problem. If you go by car there is the problem of parking, if you go by bus there are also queues and you have to carry a lot of carrier bag carrier bags during your journey and you won't always be lucky enough to find a seat.
Specialty if you want to buy clothes with your girlfriend or if you are a girl, you have to be ready to spend hours trying on clothes.
I really hate going shopping with girls to buy clothes because when they go into a shop they want to try on every single item of clothing and they do not realise the time.
Some people say "shopping is not always enjoyable" but for me it is definitely enjoyable and I think it will be the same for the rest of my life.
First of all, when I bought the tickets it appeared that there was no discount available.
It was awful when he started to laugh and everybody was staring at us.
Firstly when I went to the show it was written that the start time was 19.30 but it started at quarter past eight. I had waited for forty - five minutes.
I just knew I shouldn't have trusted her but as I went in the house my dad asked Pat to stay for a meal. I was in shock, thinking why isn't anyone getting angry with me? After a while we sat down for dinner and Pat just told my parents that I was smoking and when my family heard they got ever so angry.
As my husband is a native and we live in Switzerland, we appreciate spending a week in London every year.
First, we couldn't get a discount, although you mention it in your advertisement.
I walked back, hoping I wouldn't come across anyone and be able to drive back home.
Firstly, could you invite stars and artists from more than only six countries?
In my opinion, it might be better to have time with a variety of nationalities.
As they know about your interestings and personality, it is easy to help you.
I would like to make some appointments about the event that I went to.
- Art exhibitions to teach us more things about the artist's lifestyle; and
Well, about rules in my country, the situation is not different from other countries.
The rules must be respected by all people if you don't want to be kicked out of school.
However, some of them have read an advertisement about the London Fashion and Leisure Show, which will take place at the Central Exhibition Hall in London on 14th March.
Also the most famous star can be unhappy and depressed: in fact, money and celebrity don't always bring happiness.
In addition, admission for students is free.
Yours sincerely,
On the other hand, the bond between parents and children is unlikely to change.
The smokers in the school yard, the buffet and the other pupils, who are sitting at their tables doing their homework.
That's why I believe in the solution which is the closest to human nature and can help us to avoid boredom. I am sure that eventually we will take off our clothes and in the future we will be undressed and free. There won't be any problem with being up - to - date.
Of course, you can't afford a luxurious car and a large apartment unless you're born with a silver spoon in your mouth.
It's also a really popular job among university students because of the good salary.
I was really surprised when I opened it.
I look forward to going to the Camp California in the USA.
Because it reminds me of my childhood. I used to go with my friends to a camp, which was situated by the seaside.
Nowadays we have many big shopping centers.
The most suitable time for shopping is the weekend when parents don't work and children haven't got school.
Because of that, shopping centers are overcrowded.
You can't buy something in a peaceful and calm atmosphere.
However such centers are very useful and necessary.
In my opinion the worst thing which may happen is an extremely long queue for the changing room.
If you bought something gorgeous, you will be very happy.
Yours sincerely
I'm writing to you because of the musical show "Over the rainbow", which I saw on Friday the 16th of June in your theatre.
There are several points I have to complain about which meant the evening was not nice at all.
Instead of half past seven the show started at quarter past eight. I couldn't go to get any refreshment for two reasons, the first one is that there was no information about how long the start of the show was going to be late by.
On your tickets information is written that discounts are available, when I asked at the ticket office I couldn't get any discount for being a student.
After one hour the whole class had heard about Sarah's secret.
Everybody was interested in what she had won but nobody wanted to ask Sarah because it was told as a secret to them.
Sarah realized that everybody was nice and friendly to her but something was going on in the class, when she turned around talking and whispering started.
Sarah looked at him for a while, then she stood in front of the class and explained to the others that she had won a prize for 20 people to travel for 1 week to the coast of southern France and every one of the 19 pupils was invited, except Pat who wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
I read your advertisement five days before, and I was really impressed by it.
But, the quality of this show wasn't what you lead me to believe it would be, and I feel really disappointed by it.
For all these reasons, and if you want to keep me as a customer, I would be grateful if you gave me some or all of my money back.
Yours sincerely,
My marks weren't good enough to obtain my degree in Computer Science, and the exam session was finished.
I never talked about this project to anyone, except my best friend Pat.
It is a great opportunity because this show is only every two years and normally it is difficult to go in.
Or going to the show on weekday morning and in the afternoon, we can choose between free time or the National Art Gallery.
I look forward to hearing from you.
They found him two months later and six months later he was in jail.
I am writing this letter to complain about your advertisement for the musical show "over the rainbow", which is misleading in a number of ways.
Sweating and afraid I waited outside the director's office the following day.
This ran down my face as I admitted having stolen.
I was surprised that my father didn't watch me but I soon understood that he was ignoring me.
That evening my father said a few words: 'May this be the end of your career as a thief; we are only ready to forgive if you promise never to start again'
I am writing to reply to your letter in which you told me I won first prize in your competition, which is two weeks. I was very happy with this result since I did not think I could win.
The aim of this report is to suggest which activities in our daily life at school should be filmed to give the other students an idea of what we usually do, not only during the lessons but also the rest of the time.
The purpose of this letter is to complain about my experience with the musical "Over the Rainbow", which really disappointed me.
First of all, there were no discounts available such as were promised in the advertisement so I had to pay the original price which wasn't cheap at all.
Then, I was forced to wait forty - five minutes to see the show because it started at 20:75 instead of 19:30 and, when it finally started, I was really disappointed to see that the actors weren't Danny and Tina as it had said in the advertisement.
Your really dissatisfied customer
How has modern technology affected my daily life?
We live surrounded by inventions which help us through the day.
The reason for my decision is that other activities are also available in my country, except climbing, but I have a fear of heights so this one is not destined for people like me.
Actually, they put me very close to the stage, in the middle of the real hell.
This is the main reason why I want to ask for a refund.
People won't be embarrassed to show the beauty of their bodies.
Moreover, I have chosen this month because I think the weather will be fine.
During my stay at Camp California, I want to go swimming because I practise this activity regularly and I often enter competitions: this is one of my hobbies.
Then, there was only one hour left to install the different color lights; it was just enough time.
We would suggest going to this fabulous show.
Yours Sincererly,
Despite being used in many ways, it could entertain us as well.
Although I imagine them in my house in my future, I am sure I would be surprised if I had them.
A useful helper: the personal computer can quickly help you in lots of situations.
Although the world of computers will develop day by day, I likely hope we (human beings) can maintain our way of seeing things.
I'M VERY PROUD TO BE THE WINNER OF YOUR COMPETITION! I HAVE NEVER BEEN TO SUCH A CAMP BEFORE AND SO I'M LOOKING FORWART TO SPENDING TWO WEEKS THERE.
IT IS ONLY POSSIBLE FOR ME TO TRAVEL IN JULY BECAUSE OF MY UNREGULAR WORK.
HE'S A SMAL ONE!
I'M LOOKING FORWART TO HEARING FROM YOU
YOU KNOW THAT I ALWAYS WANTED TO HELP AT A CONCERT. TO BE PART OF THE STAFF WOULD BE WONDERFUL, I THOUGTH. AND I WAS RIGHT!
AS YOU KNOW I WROTE TO THAT ORGANISATION WHICH IS ALWAYS RESPONSBLE FOR BIG EVENTS.
ALL OF THE STAFF AND THE ORGANISATION SPOK ABOUT THE RULES AND HOW TO SAVE PEOPLE.
WE WERE A GROUPE! ONE TEAM! BEFORE THE CONCERT WE HAD A BREAKING TO EAT SOMETHING AND TO TALK TO EACH OTHER.
THE CONCERT WAS VERRY LOUD AND LONG BUT WE DIDN'T HAVE TO WORK HARD.
GREATING AND HOPE TO SEE YOU SOON
However, it was a very disappointing evening for me.
Firstly, it was mentioned that there were going to be two starring but, in fact, only one actor was performing in the show.
Thirdly, the advertisement said that discounts were available but the ticket seller said that there was no discount allowing or available.
In addition, the advertisement mentioned that the restaurant would be open after the show but it was closed because short of cooker.
Finally, I would like to ask for my money back on the ticket due to the disappointing evening out and the misleading advertisements you have created.
Nowadays, modern technology is becoming absolutely essential to our daily life.
Without all this your life would definitely change back to the same position as it were 50 or more years ago.
If this continues to happen our life will be very miserable as accidents happen all the time.
Thank you very much for the many interesting positions in this schedule, especially the river trip to Greenwich, which, we are sure, will be very exciting.
I would like to inform you that we have seen an advertisement for the "London Fashion and Leisure Show" and we have found it very interesting.
Suddenly I heard a noise from my garden and I wanted to know what it was, but it was impossible to do it.
I was afraid that someone was near my house and wanted to get into my house.
I was very frightened, but I knew that I had to do something.
I was sure there was someone on the other side of the wall.
The only thing which really disappointed me was a visit to your theatre where I wanted to see the musical 'over the rainbow', after I read the advertisement for the show.
The things that really disappointed me were that you said Danny Brook and Tina Truelove were the actors but they weren't, different actors played and to be honest they made the whole show very bad.
To be honest that was not a great experience and I hope you will see my point.
Since everyone can afford modern technology everyone's life in the more developed countries has changed completely.
So in the last century our daily life has changed dramatically and we have become lazy and our life impersonal, fast and unromantic.
Your advertisement mentioned that the famous Danny Brooks would play in this show but disappointingly it was another, unknown actor who starred instead of him.
All those inaccuracies spoilt what should have been a memorable evening so I would like to be refunded at least for the price of my ticket.
He did it some more times, and in the end nobody took any notice of the shootings.
You are working with your ideal woman, I still can't believe that I spoke with her.
At first I couldn't believe that I was a winner
My school starts in September and it finishes in June.
If I could go in July that would be great.
I would like to ask you, what sort of clothes should I take with me? I don't want to take too much; jeans, jumper, swimming costume, T - shirt, sports shoes I think should be O. K.
At first I was helping to sell the tickets - it wasn't difficult.
We had to check every plug, switch, light.
I couldn't believe how big a lamp can be.
fortunately nothing had happened.
Only people who were helping and organizing this concert could meet her.
Some of them were speaking with her, I wasn't this lucky person, but still I'm happy, that I could be there.
Log cabins may be more comfortable. On the other hand I think that I will be able to "survive" in a tent.
I wish you had been here with me.
You can not imagine how disappointed I was with myself.
We started to put everything on the stage and after this we realized that the band was coming onto the stage near us.
After all of this we saw the show from the best place, near the stage and afterwards, the thing that I most liked, we were convinced to see the group and got their signatures.
I have got a few things to complain about regarding your threatened.
I decided to go and visit your theatre restaurant.
For example, once people had to walk from one place to another, but now we can use science and technology to produce a lot of petrol - powered vehicles and we can travel faster with them.
We can also use technology to produce more food and help them grow faster.
The rules at home are very different. I am allowed to do what I want as long as I study enough to approve.
It is not always easy, but there are rules in every home and you have to respect them.
I hope you will agree with your suggestion and if you have any further questions do not hesitate to contact me.
In addition to this, you may have some customers bringing the newspaper to the table, tidying up the house, and doing the shopping. Maybe they will also be your life partners.
I and my friend Emma helped to paint the scenes on the stage.
As you know, I like drawing and painting when I have some free time so that is why I chose to paint the scenes.
Moreover, the restaurant was still under construction so that we couldn't use it when we were extremely hungry.
One of the biggest things that have changed is the change in the methods of communication.
I have mentioned a few changes above but there's still the biggest one left, which is related to the field of computers.
I refer to your advertisement in the Herald Tribune where you advertised the Circle Theatre and the recent musical:
When we arrived at the theatre we realised that there were no discount tickets available as were mentioned in your advertisement so we had to buy the most expensive ones.
I am looking forward to your prompt reply.
Today the fashion industry has a great importance in the commercial market.
There are the natural materials on one side whereas on the other side the fashion industry produces more and more identical materials, which relay on the production cost.
In 100 years most clothes will be made from identical material.
The contrast will be especially attractive.
Furthermore the style of the clothes is going to be more crazy and individually but there will still be numerous clothes for conservative people.
On balance fashion in 100 years time will be comfortable and colourful.
There will be clothes for everyone's taste.
Our school is really very disciplined, especially about our clothes and behaviour.
When I read the advertisement, it said that the restaurant would be open.
On behalf of the class I would like to thank you for the excellent programme you have organised, especially the idea of visiting a gallery.
I grew up through the water world and I couldn't live without it.
I love sports so I would like to play some basketball at the camp. By the way, my team and I won the last school championship. I play guard on my team. I also like tennis but I am not very good. I was wondering if you could give me some lessons while I am there.
I do not have words to express how happy I am. I would like to thank you and Camp California for this opportunity.
Since man became man he has needed to hunt to survive. In ancient times he used spears, bows and arrows, and the women's role was to collect items like vegetables and stuff.
Nowadays, in the year 2000 we still practise this ancient art but in a different way, we don't use weapons for hunting animals in the jungle, we use the remote to hunt TV shows, and we do not collect vegetables any more, we go shopping.
This activity of shopping has become one of our most important, after all, we go shopping for any reason, we have developed such an instinct for shopping that we can proudly say that we are some sort of kings of the urban jungle.
If an activity has stayed with us, mankind, for so long, it must give us some pleasure and maybe that's why shopping has become such an important thing in our lives because it gives you pleasure when you find what you have been looking for and if you can get it for less than the price marked on it, that is the greatest of artists.
But where is the bad part of it? Well shopping can become horrible at breakfast for example, when hundreds of people go to the shopping center and it also can cause many problems when you become an impulsive buyer.
Shopping is not always enjoyable because of several factories.
One could be when you go into a shop and you find something that you like, and you decide to buy it, but when you see the price, you find out that it's too expensive, and you can not afford to buy it.
This situation is very annoying for most people, and that's what makes shopping enjoyable.
Why don't we include some sports, for example, volleyball?
Furthermore, it's a worthy experience for people who want to know about other countries 'arts.
Finally, with regard to tickets, it is a really wonderful idea because it is more combinient to enjoy the festival for one day among a lot of people.
One day, when the old man went into the bamboo bush, he found some bamboo gritted white.
He had never seen such bamboo before but decided to cut it down.
THE KIND OF ACCOMODATION I PREFER IS A TENT BECAUSE AT SOMMER CAMP I FIND IT MORE INTERESTING SLEEPING OUTSIDE UNDER THE SKY WHEN THE WEATHER IS NICE AND WARM.
IM QUITE GOOD AT PLAYING BASKETBALL BECAUSE I USED TO PLAY FOR ABOUT FIVE YEARS AT SCHOOL. WE USED TO HAVE TRAINING SESSIONS TWICE A WEEK AND AT LEAST TWO GAMES A MONTH AGAINST ANOTHER SCHOOL, WHICH WAS GREAT.
PAINTING ALWAYS DID FASCINATE ME, EVEN THOUGH I'M NOT SO GOOD AT IT, BUT MY FRIENDS SAY I CAN REALLY PAINT AND THEY LOVE THE THINGS I DO. THE TECHNIK I LIKE THE MOST IS WATERCOLORS.
DO YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW ABOUT MY EXPIERENCE HELPING AT THE POP CONCERT IN OUR TOWN?
The reason I'm writing this letter to you is that during my stay in London I felt very disappointed about your theatre.
After all the inconveniences that made me feel really mad. I think I can only forgive your theatre if you give me a refund of the money I spent there, and some more for all the problems I had.
As you already know, I am trying to become a professional photographer, consequently I would choose photography as the first activity and painting as the second.
However, I would like to know if by any chance the photography activities are only for beginners.
Actually most people work hard to earn their money and consequently, the occasion on which this money is spent to buy something useful, or simply something they like, should be considered a very pleasant occasion.
In fact, the shopping you do for your daily needs is seldom enjoyable, as it is clearly more a duty than a pleasure and observer you are often faced with some nasty situations.
First of all, when I paid my entrance fee they didn't accept my discount ticket, they told me that the ticket was fake, then I entered the theatre and I had to wait 45 minutes. The show was supposed to start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15, "this shows a lack of respect".
Manager, I expect that you have considered my bad experience at your theatre, so I'm asking you for my money back, because it was a very bad evening.
It all started when Pat, Nick's best friend, wanted to have the party at his house. Most of the class disagreed with that because the Pat's house is extremely little, they started to say to him that his house was like a box.
Pat got very angry and sad.
At first Nick got angry but then he forgave him because they were friends and each of them could trust in the other.
Nick told the situation to the class and offered his house for the party, because it was very big, with large gardens and a big swimming pool.
To begin with the school rules, we have in fact some important ones.
Since I have studied photography for several years, I would like to take some pictures of beautiful scenarios in California.
I had to pay the full price for them, which was quite expensive.
It turned out to be impossible: the restaurant was closed and we didn't even receive an explanation.
The development of portable communication systems, such as mobile phones, has greatly changed our way of life.
It is now possible to talk to a friend almost everywhere and anytime, even if we are two thousand kilometers away from each other.
Precision industry has changed my life a lot too. I go Scuba Diving during the weekends and holidays.
I would like to travel in July because I have to go back to my country in August.
How can shopping be enjoyable in these situation!
I believed everything she told me.
I was surprised that he believed me.
Yours sincerely,
They are human beings and they need to keep a little bit of privacy and freedom in their lives to continue like normal people, to feel that they are unknown and anonymous and they do not have to wear sunglasses, hats or caps every time they want to leave home in order not to be recognised.
Furthermore, you asked me to choose two activities I would like to do.
And now for them shopping can be considered like a contrary.
It is quite obvious that celebrities can't lead a normal life, as they are constantly followed by reporters, which makes their life miserable.
I am thinking here particularly of the fact that every event and action is widely discussed in the mass - media.
Last of all, it says in your advertisement that there is a theatre restaurant open after the show but it turned out to be closed because it was being redecorated and no announcement was made.
Therefore I would like a refund of my ticket and I would like an apologist.
Yours Sincelery,
What do you think modules will wear on the catwalks?
In my opinion, clothes will be a lot different in 100 years 'time.
For the accomodation at Camp California, I would prefer to have a log cabin because I think it is more comfortable than a tent, and in case there is a big storm with heavy rain. A log cabin's more resistant than a tent.
For the activities, I chose climbing because I took a course for 2 weeks last year and now I have a good level of proficiency. For the other one I chose photography but I am not a professional, I just take some pictures on my holiday!
Next weekend I have a date with one of them, but I won't tell you the name because you'll feel jealous!
I would like to do photography and swimming.
I love to take photos but I don't have any technique.
Of course it is good to buy things for ourselves, like clothes, jewelry, anything.
When you buy something you were looking for a long time and, when you arrive at home, you discover some defects on it and have to go back to the store to complain.
Secondly, I would like to choose a tent for accommodation, because I have never spent time in a tent, that's why, I think it is a good opportunity for me.
I have plenty of experience and knowledge of both aspects of parts.
I would be grateful if you could inform me.
My jobs were collecting tickets, selling goods and refreshments, guiding people to the right seat and cleaning up the concert hall after the concert finished.
What I particularly liked about the experience was the concert was achieved through our support.
I really recommend you to help them, I think this is a good opportunity and I want you to understand my feeling well.
I want to know your opinion.
On the other hand, their stories always make them embarrassed because most of the journalists create their own story based on the true story just to get the people's attention.
All of them were shocked by what they heard.
She became very shy and angry. She couldn't talk with people and she was just very sad.
I want to tell you that I am very disappointed about the play.
In the advertisement it said that Danny Brook was in the starring role.
And also it should have started at 19.30, as I saw in the advertisement, but it started at 20.15!
And so far there weren't any discounts available which were said to be "available" in the advertisement.
You should have written it in the advertisement.
Absolutely it was very disappointing
I hope you understand and will correct your mistakes in the next advertisement and send me my money soon!
Today 5 out of every 10 pupils can use a computer basically.
It is really enjoyable when I chat with people.
Technology is also important in another area for me.
But some naughty students in my class were throwing paper aeroplanes when the teacher was writing something on the board.
Unfortunately I have to complain about the musical show put on in your Circle Theatre last night.
When I received your advertisement concerning the show "Over the Rainbow" I thought that I'd have a great evening, but unfortunately it was a big disappointment for me.
First of all, Danny Brooks - the main actor in this musical - was abandoned.
You also offered discounts - what kind of discounts?
Because the show was very long, we were getting hungry but of course your theatre restaurant was closed because of the holidays.
I had not any money for travelling and my parents were going to give me some only if I had concrete plans.
After one month, I went back home and told my parents what a lot of fun I had with my friends - I don't know why I was such a liar.
My parents believed my story until my younger brother Pat told them the truth.
Now my parents don't believe my story.
I hope you will not feel offended, but I really need to complain about your theater.
You can believe I was very disappointed when I saw that he actually was not performing and I was more bewildered that no one made an apology for it!
Although, I would have felt better if I had had a discount on my ticket, as you mentioned in the advertisement, but unfortunately, these couldn't possibly be given either!
If more and more inventors work in science and technology, it must be because it is really useful: but in what particular way?
I would like to travel at the beginning of the month, which could be between the first and the fifteeth of July, because afterwards I have several business meetings and it would be difficult for me to take a trip.
Although I like camping and sharing with different kinds of people, I'd prefer a comfortable and private place (if it's possible) where I can sleep, or be quiet.. I am not a teenager!
I was running the whole show. My responsibility was to dress her.
I really liked the exhibitions.
The band "Three Kings" presented a new style of music.
I would like to notice that the dance show was absolutely marvellous.
What a great idea to invite writers! I really liked talking with them.
You wrote an advertisement saying that people from more than 15 different countries were going to visit this concert, but there were artists from only 6 countries.
It was really a pity because I expected to see artists from France and Italy.
The International Arts Festival was organised quite well. I would only recommend you have more artists and the classical concert should be in a bigger hall.
They were so poor that sometimes they hardly had anything to eat.
She persuaded him to go to the sea to ask for a lot of things for her.
Also, the e - mail system is really helpful.
Circle Theater
Finally we had the worst evening I have ever imagined, it was definitely not the "perfect evening" as written in the advertisement.
Synthetic materials have developed and become very popular so they would keep going.
I guess they will wear a sort of boutique over a shirt and a skirt, or more masculine clothes because they want to change.
About the accomodation, I would prefer a tent because I enjoy the contact with nature as well as camping activities.
In conclusion, like all things in life, shopping can be pleasant or irritating depending on your patience and on your mood that day.
It gives us knowledge useful for many school clubs, like the "marathon shell" club or the robotics club.
Besides it gives all the areas covered by a mechanical engineer and it is very important in a school where you will probably become a mechanical engineer. It lets us identify our abilities and the parts of mechanics that we prefer.
Our engineering school is specialized in mechanics and thermodynamics.
First, we could film the fluid mechanics lessons and the general mechanics lessons.
I wondered if we could not feed between some short view of the laboratories, in which we could show a student doing experimentation.
Future students could appreciate coming if they could still do their sport.
Another point to record would be the time we have got between lessons or at lunch time. It will show a part of the way of life in the school.
If possible, the type of accomodation I prefer is a tent.
I will be very glad to participate in your camp!
Yours faithfully
The show's date is very convenient - March 14 -, and it is on in the Central Exhibition Hall so I do not think it would be a problem to get there.
Although this statement is absolutely true, it seems there is no way to stop public attention, so they will have to keep living with journalists.
My name is Marcia Fomalar, I am writing to let you know how disappointed I felt when I went to the musical at the London theatre.
I went to buy a ticket and as I like to enjoy the show near the stage I bought a $ 20 ticket but when I asked for a discount they told me, "I am sorry but there was an error in the advertisement. It will be impossible to give you a discount".
At 19:15 I was very impatient, waiting for the show to begin, and a man announced that the show would start at 20:15.
Finally the show started and to my surprise my favourite actor Danny Brooke had been replaced by another actor.
Pat sent a fax to my house with the different alternatives she had thought of but unfortunately my grandmother was there and she saw the paper so the surprise was ruined.
The other activity that I chose is painting. I am not as good as I want, nevertheless I think I can improve my skills during this course.
I would like to know how the weather is in California during the summer so I can bring with me the appropriate clothes and the last thing I need to know is the amount of money that I have to bring with me.
To make this report easier and faster, it was necessary to make a questionnaire which was given out in the school.
However, 15% thought that it was not a good idea because it would be boring to see other people enjoying themselves and they mentioned it as not really important.
As you can see, my classmates and almost everybody in the school are happy with the facilities and activities that we have.
A few weeks ago, my family and I had a holiday in London. The holiday wasn't too good!
During the week we decided where we wanted to go. We all agreed to listen to music so then we decided to go to your musical show and listen to "Over the Rainbow".
That evening we didn't want to have our supper before the show. Anyway I thought it would be too early to eat and also because the timetable or candidates you give me have said: "visit our theatre restaurant after the show".
So we did, but unfortunately it was closed and I was so disappointed about it, not only because we had expected Danny Brook and Tina Truelove to be the actor of starring.
We don't expect much bad to happen on our holiday, but this was a perfect show as well, it was the worst show and theatre I have ever been to in my life.
sincerely Kim
To help us to live happily, scientists can easily predict the changes on earth, so that we can have time to prepare or defend ourselves from natural disasters.
Weapons are designed to kill and defend in a fight. In the Second World War so many Germans were killed. Also many people died in other regions,
Posin chemical compounds, e. g. gases and liquids, are created too. They have been used to kill people. Most of them produce radiation, which can disable a person, mostly harming their brain and their bodies, and it can also cause death.
Communication technology, e. g. internet (networks) and mobile phones.
In words sailors communicate with mobile phones through places to place to get or give information about themselves and the enemies.
By using the Internet we can make new open friends overseas, and create clubs and societies.
Now a message can travel quicker and it is also worldwide. sending letters takes about a week from Hong Kong to the U. K., but network, e. g.
Modern technology saves us a lot of time and brings us many benefits when we use it in the right way, but some bad way to e. g. send votes to break down networks.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and this was the reason why the party wasn't as succesful as we thought.
We decided to go to his place (I've got a copy of the key) the evening before his birthday while he was at work and decorate the lunch, then turn off the lights and wait for him in silence until he arrived.
With reference to our trip to London, on behalf of all of us, the English class in this college, we would like to thank you for your special attention in organising a good programme to learn about the interesting and cultural places in London.
We have been very excited about this and coincidentally we have found another option to add to our programme, certainly if you agree with it.
We thought that The London Fashion and Leisure Show would be a great opportunity to give us more information about the main transformations nowadays in England concerning fashion, leisure, sports and lifestyle.
It was dangerous, but I knew I had to do it.
I was at home putting my makeup on before going to a restaurant with my friends and, suddenly, he rang the bell. He was so tense with a gun in his hands and I could no longer speak. He took me out with him.
I had tried to think about stopping him, but he was stronger than me and he had used all his power to scare me and he forced me to buy cocaine using my cheques.
I am writing to make some complaints about the musical show "Over the Rainbow", of which you are the manager.
Although it was written in the show's advertisement that the main actor was Danny Brook, it, unfortunately, was not him.
It was also written in the show's advertisement that there would be discounts available on the tickets.
Even though the advertisement said we should visit it after the show, it was closed and no explanations were given.
In conclusion, the advertisement promised this would be a perfect evening out, but it was not, so I would like to ask for my money back.
One day, I innocently told Pat that I was dating Philip Smythe, the school's hunk and most popular boy.
Suddenly, an enourmous sadness caught me, because Philip had begged me not to tell anyone, so he would definitely break up with me, and I knew I was going to stop talking to Pat, because she had just ruined my happiness and I couldn't trust her anymore.
One day, while I was studying maths, one of my friends, called Pat, asked me to have a coffee with her.
The problem started when I confessed to her that I had fallen in love with Larry, who was my cousin's boyfriend.
Surprisingly there was a completely different actor starring.
Unfortunately the restaurant was closed.
He is only looking for the biggest fishes and he has been unsuccessful for 86 days.
Little by little we were growing up and becoming close friends.
I relied on her and our relationship was excellent.
It is my only favorite hobby.
To reply to your question, it was really a nice experience.
As you know, I like pop music so much and the singer was one of my favorite singers.
I would be most grateful if you could let me have some information:
- Are there leisure and intertainments facilities close to the camp?
I am really surprised for the information because I won, and I would like to say thank you for everything. This is why I wrote and sent this letter with the information you need I can only travel in July because it is the only time when I can do it before for my work I do not really care what accommodation I will have. I would prefer to come in July I will be available for the moment. I would really appreciated it if you could tell the people who work at Camp California I choose the Golf and Photography because I think I am really interested in those subjects. I am not really really good but I have some experience.
I think that is everything I would like to know.
I want to apologise to you, because I haven't written to you recently, but I want to tell you what happened to me last week. I had the opportunity to help at one of the most pop concerts in my city. So imagine, I felt really really good and excited. I don't have words to describe it but I will try to do it, OK?
What's more, your letter said about the chance to do two activities during the camp.
I have even won a competition once.
I would like to know if the,, travel costs '' which you had paid include entrance tickets to the museums or any other cultural places, because I would like to do some sightseeing in the U. S. A. Furthermore, if there will be my tumble dryer or washing machines to clean our clothes and if there will be a guide who will be responsible for us and the camp.
When describing the advantages, we should remember that most people like doing shopping.
Very often people go to a shop - usually a big department store and buy things which they do not need.
From my point of view it depends on us whether shopping will be enjoyable or not.
My name is Manu Roddos and I am writing to complain about some things that happened at the performance of the show Over the Rainbow, which took place in your establishment, The Circle Theater, which made me feel very upset.
I was very excited to see it yesterday, but as soon as I arrived at the theater the problems began.
Yours Sincerelly,
Firstly, the great boom in mass communication which happened at the beginning of our decade, with the development of telephones, radio stations, television and even satellites, and of course, the Internet, gave ordinary people the chance to take off on a trip all over the world, and this allowed health and education research to increase as well.
In addition to that, people will always be afraid of a technological war.
In conclusion, from my point of view, people must learn that despite technology being such a new area to explore, we have to use it with a great deal of responsibility for us all to survive in the future.
And is there anything else I have to take with me?
Yes, it is true. This is only because nowadays people have more money than ever before, and some women don't earn money. They have no idea how difficult it is to earn money.
It would be wonderful to buy some books or programs with the signatures of all the stars and artists taking part in the festival.
I hope this letter will help you with organising the festival.
Every pupil has to sit alone. (I mean that one desk is given to one person.)
2. One should have such marks as,, 3 ",,, 4",,, 5 ", not,, 2", which is equal to fail.
We don't have old - traditioned rules or anything like that.
First of all, it would be a good thing to say that July would be the best time to travel because it is the hottest month in the year, and the weather will be really nice.
Despite my lack of experience in climbing I do want to try this type of sport.
The aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed.
I have entered each student from my English class.
Firstly, the English lessons must be filmed as the most interesting lessons at our school because it will give students an interest in studying and improving their college.
It contributes to the world's treasure house of literature and arouses an irresistible fascination.
We shouldn't disregard and neglect to film the buildings and the gardens of our beautiful college, especially if we take into consideration the fact that it is in the city of Shakespeare.
Also, painting is one of my favorite things!
Anyway, I really enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month so that I'd like to write about it!
Anyway, by the time we finished everything, thousands of fans came into this concert hall.
I'm writing to you with reference to the letter I have received from you saying I have won your competition.
Well, as you ask, I will tell you I would like to travel as soon as July begins, I'm going to be able only to travel in that month because of my job responsibilities.
Regarding the choice of tents or log cabins, I think I will turn to the first one because I have always loved camping close to nature, if possible, in front of a lake or a river, if your campsite has one, so that I will be able to do my favorite and skilful hobby: sailing.
I would like to travel only in July, because I have only one month's holiday this year.
It is not too comfortable, but that is not a problem for me. I like this kind of holiday.
I never had met pop stars before and I was very impressed, but I was too happy to show my shyness.
I stayed with him until the concert began and after the show I had the opportunity to stay in his private room with him and the other dancers.
So, unfortunately, I must say that last night was one of the worst nights I ever had, and having given the reasons, I expect to be able to count on your sense of responsibility, so, I feel that I must ask for my 20 pounds I spent on that terrible night.
Also, with today's machines, factories have significantly increased their production, which brings progress to humanity, but also, with the continued replacement of men by machines, unemployment is increasing too, and today, it worries every single citizen of the world, especially the ones who live in third world countries.
It would be a fun experience!
Women, in particular, have the annoying habit of always having to touch everything they see.
This was the best thing that had ever happened to the Fennell family for years.
Which was very looking for her mother.
SINCE I HAVE A CHOICE OF ACCOMODATION, I'LL DEFINITELY GO FOR THE LOG CABIN, BECAUSE I CAN'T BEAR THE HEAT INSIDE A TENT.
I WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU ABOUT THE WEATHER CONDITIONS, SO I CAN DECIDE ON WHAT CLOTHES TO TAKE, AND ABOUT COSTS, SO I CAN MAKE A BUDJET FOR THE HOLIDAY.
AFTER THE STAGE WAS BUILT, THE REST OF THE THINGS I HAD TO DO WERE QUITE EASY AND ENJOYABLE; I COULD STAY EITHER BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF THE STAGE AND GIVE A HAND IF NEED. I REALLY ENJOYED IT BECAUSE I LEARNT A LOT OF TECNICAL THINGS I DID'T KNOW; AND WHAT I ALSO ENJOYED WAS THE GOOD PAY!
I'm writing to you to complain about a play I have seen, called: "Over the rainbow".
It was clear that Pat had to change and show his friends that they could believe in him truly.
For those next few days, Pat would do his best to be as sympathetic as possible.
To begin with, every morning Pat said a pleasant "hello" and added to that a big smile.
His mother always says: "If you are smiling and are nice to people, people will be nice and will smile at you".
I would prefer to travel in July. I have only this time, because my summer holidays are during these days.
A cabin reminds me too much of my home and is too comfortable. That isn't what I want to have if I stay in a wild area.
I was able to ask anybody, and he answered in detail, although he had a lot of work.
I'm writing to you following our visiting to your theatre last night.
And I would like to know if it is possible to have our money back.
And if someone else knew, I wouldn't be able to go back to heaven unless I killed the person who told my secret.
And I would like to go in the first part of this month, the second part I spend with my family.
While I will be at the Camp I would like sailing, because it is my favorite sport.
Yours faithfully
In my opinion this book 'The Old Man and the sea' is the best book which Ernest Hemingway wrote.
Those book is about a man who knows that he will die soon, he knows that he didn't make his dream come true.
So he decided to go for a last trip in his life.
He needs to rest, but he doesn't give up.
In the end he makes his dreams come true, he catches a vast Marlin.
In this book Hemingway is trying to tell us, that if we want something, we can get it, it might be difficult and take a long time but we can do it.
Sometimes they give up, before they get something,
I read the advertisement and I thought it was going to be a pleasant evening.
From the beginning it was all a disappointment.
When I went to buy the ticket I tried to get a discount with my student card, but that was not possible.
I let this pass and I bought it anyway, thinking that it was possible that this was only a mistake in your advertisement.
But the play started fourth - five minutes late, and the star of the show, of whom I'm a great fan and who was the main reason for why I decided to see the play, had been changed for another actor, who turned out to be really bad.
I think you realise why I'm writing this letter to ask you to give me my money back.
All the things that were promised in your advertisement were untrue, and it was definitely NOT the perfect evening out.
Expecting that you will resolve this misunderstanding.
There's no doubt that modern technology has changed our lives, but how?
I think that some of the changes have been very good, like the improvement in medical science, which now can save millions of people that one hundred years ago were doomed to die or to live miserable lives.
It has changed the ways people communicate.
But technology has not only changed our lives in a good way, giving us things that can make our lives more comfortable, it has also created things that aren't bad, but if they are in the hands of the wrong people they can destroy the world.
Weapons and factories are destroying our planet and we need to realise that we have to use technology to improve our lives, while always trying to respect nature.
Regarding the accommodation, I would prefer to stay in tents rather than log cabins because I have a lot of experience of putting up my own tents.
I like to go window shopping that is good to go around the shopping centre.
Then I can say I definitely don't feel it is enjoyable.
- Accommodation: a log cabin would be nice for me to stay in when I am in California.
Before we can give our opinions on this statement we have to make sure that everyone knows what we are discussing.
We do not speak here about luxuary goods.
But if you realize how important what you buy is for your health you will go shopping with a far greater consciousness and more joy than before. '
How incredible it is!
I love swimming and also I've got a scuba diving licence.
I used to enjoy floating on the water whenever I was on holiday.
Singing is the most favorite hobby for us.
I'd like to know how much memory, and how many clothes we need.
Of course, the shopkeepers are human beings as well.
But for their considerations, they're working in their routines.
I sometimes lose my desire to buy a thing because of their bad behaviors.
For example, for our jobs, special ceremonies, and so on.
Your advertisement also failed to mention the fact that there were no discounts whatsoever and, finally, because of a shortage of staff, your restaurant was not open.
I asked myself how I could be so stupid, telling her my secret after all I had been going through to keep it to myself.
Now I didn't need to go around worrying about it anymore.
I decided to thank Pat, and maybe, if possible, teach her a lesson.
I pretended to be totally miserable.
Pat didn't know what to do. She apologised over and over again and I could really see that she was more than devastated.
After hugging each other we promised never to tell others about our secrets.
However, it was delayed and it started at 20.15.
The theatre restaurant was closed after the show, they said funds had run out.
Those are totally unexpected so I would like to get paid for my ticket cost.
I ask you to transfer money into this account.
Think about the computer, the speed of computers is much faster than before.
Nowadays, technology keeps developing and better technology gives us an easier life.
In the hopeness that you understand me.
Unfortunately, Pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets.
At first, when he had a girlfriend, they talked to each other frankly.
But after they separated, he told his friends her secrets without thinking.
It is like one of his bad habits.
It was a very unpleasant evening.
The restaurant should have been opened when I came out, but it was closed because of the time the show finished.
After breakfast I have to use my car to get to school.
Without technology I would get really bored.
I would be very grateful to receive answers to my questions.
Boy, he's really really handsome!
Secondly, the show was meant to begin at 19.30 pm, actually it began at 20.15 pm and that was without giving any explainations!

